#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   outcome
    #   trio
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django==3.2.25
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   edx-django-utils
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
edx-django-utils==5.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-rest-api-client==5.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
future==1.0.0
    # via pyjwkest
h11==0.14.0
    # via wsproto
idna==2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   requests
    #   trio
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   pytest-randomly
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   pytest-html
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
newrelic==9.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via trio
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   pytest
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   pytest
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/e2e.in
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/e2e.in
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-randomly
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-variables
pytest-base-url==2.1.0
    # via pytest-selenium
pytest-html==4.1.1
    # via pytest-selenium
pytest-metadata==3.1.1
    # via pytest-html
pytest-randomly==3.15.0
    # via -r requirements/e2e.in
pytest-selenium==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.in
pytest-timeout==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements/e2e.in
pytest-variables==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/e2e.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   django
requests==2.32.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   slumber
selenium==4.21.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.in
    #   pytest-selenium
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via pytest-selenium
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
trio==0.25.1
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via selenium
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   selenium
urllib3[socks]==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   requests
    #   selenium
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
zipp==3.18.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
